Mutant C - A Lisp Game - User's Guide

To begin playing Mutant C you must first have a program to load, compile, and execute .lisp files.  Please visit: http://www2.hawaii.edu/~nreed/ics313/lisp/index.html and http://www2.hawaii.edu/~nreed/ics313/help/ for detailed instructions.

To begin, load the mulleadyjrybarsanpeier46.lisp file.
Type "(game-repl)".
You are now inside the Mutant C game repl!
Now, you can play Mutant C!

WELCOME!
You are in a Corrupt Programming Tower on a secret island, far out into sea, with a storm brewing with thunder and lightning!  Ahhh!  There are Mutant-Non-Lisp Programmers everywhere!  You need to collect items throughout this treacherous tower to turn the Mutant Programmers into Wonderful Lisp Programmers!

Simply type in the commands you wish to use!
And remember, you must change all the mutants into Lisp Programmers and complete all the objectives on your current floor before you are able to move up to the next floor!  The game is complete once you have changed all the mutants, completed all the objectives, and changed the ultimate C Mutant into a wonderful Lisper!

--------------------------------

GAME COMMANDS - FOR ENTIRE GAME
You can type in a command to perform an action like "LOOK".  Some commands require more information like "WALK direction".  When you see a command like this, that means there are different options for "direction" and you must specify which option you would like to choose.

LOOK
Describes what location you are in, who or what is in your current location, and what pathways are connected to your current location.

WALK direction
Allows you to move to a new location by specifiying an available direction (i.e. south).

INVENTORY 
Lists the objects currently in your inventory.

PICKUP item
Allows you to pickup an available item in your current location by specifying an available item (i.e. cup-of-coffee).

HAVE object
Tells you if you currently have the specified object in your inventory (i.e. script).

HELP
Prints out a help menu.

QUIT
Allows you to exit the game. Does not save your game.

--------------------------------

GAME COMMANDS - FOR FLOOR 1 ONLY

CAFFEINATE cup-of-coffee redbull-energy-drink virtual-machine
When used in the Floor 1 Lobby, allows you to change the Over-caffeinated Java Mutant into a Lisp Programmer!

UNTANGLE head-opening-tag head-closing-tag jump-rope spider
When used in the Web Room, allows you to change the Hyper Html Mutant into a Lisp Programmer!

SHARPEN dot-net-framework samurai-sword c-sharp-music-note
When used in the Japanese Warfare Room, allows you to change the Ninja C# Mutant into a Lisp Programmer!

QUERY select-statement from-statement where-statement relational-database-management-system
When used in the Interrogation Room, allows you to change the Inquisitive SQL Mutant into a Lisp Programmer!

--------------------------------

GAME COMMANDS - FOR FLOOR 2 ONLY

--------------------------------

GAME COMMANDS - FOR FLOOR 3 ONLY

--------------------------------

GAME COMMANDS - FOR FLOOR 4 ONLY

SHOW objective-c-monster lisp-phone
When used in the Objective Room, allows you to change the Objective C Monster into a Lisp Programmer!

UNSCRIPTIFY php-monster scripts
When used in the Acting Room, allows you to change the PHP Monster into a Lisp Programmer!

CONVERT c-mutant
When used in the Theater, allows you to change the C Mutant into a Lisp Programmer!
